   Caroline Abramo@ENRON
   03/02/2001 10:46 AM
            
what do you think?
Joe_Lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 AM
Currently Cargill and Enron have a 15MM collateral threshold.  If
possible, I think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a
box around the prime broker biz.  We would still operate under the
master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex
for this biz.  We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in
Schedule B of the POA agreement.  The line in the POA is a seperate and
distinct measure from the daily collateral.  The 20 mill reflects gross
exposure.  Let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable.
We too, are open to suggestion as the Global and Enron relationships
are very important and a high priority to us.

Thanks
Joe

Joe-  a few things regading the POA/ Cargill line..

I am going to find out how much line we currently have available... you
probably already have this.  We should allocate a piece to Global which
would solve the problem of other Cargill people using the line, putting
us
over the limit, without me knowing...

We could change the language of the POA to this... we will not go over
Global's piece of the Cargill line...I think this would solve our main
concern...

Please let me know... we are eager to keep trading with Global and
yourselves...

Regards,
Caroline

Dee:  Let me know if we need to discuss anything.  I am hopeful that we are 
ready to prepare execution copies.  Regards.

Sara Shackleton
   Susan Bailey
   02/27/2001 08:23 AM
            
Dee,

Attached for your review is a blacklined version of the: (a) Schedule and (b) 
Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement.   These have been compared against 
the draft dated 11/8/2000, and include ENA's accepted changes per your (a) 
faxed comments transmitted to ENA on January 5, 2001, and  (b) e-mail 
comments transmitted to ENA on January 19th, 2001.

We look forward to your response.

  

Cordially,
Susan S. Bailey

I don't know anything about these transactions.

Sara Shackleton
   Jorge A Garcia@ENRON
   03/01/2001 01:35 PM
            
Good Afternoon Sara,

I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA 
Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had 
discussed with you previously.

1) Edison International- Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. (2 in total)
2) PG & E- Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. (3 in total)

Please advise.

Regards,

Jorge

"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a 
Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows:
     
    Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating 
Price) - USD[38,000?]

Sara Shackleton

"Other Provisions: On each Payment Date, [ENA] shall pay [a fee of] [an 
amount equal to] USD{38,000?], which amount shall be subject to the netting 
                                                 provisions of the [Master 
Agreement - how do you refer to the agreement?]"

Sara Shackleton
   Sara Shackleton
   03/02/2001 02:10 PM
            
"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a 
Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows:
     
    Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating 
Price) - USD[38,000?]

Sara Shackleton

What person(s) in London prepares credit for the English and Singapore 
financial transactions?  At some point in the not so distant future, the 
Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each 
understands the "philosophy" behind credit analysis for the omnibus and 
master transactions.  I look forward to hearing from you.   Regards.  Sara

ps  Congrats on your promotion!  I didn't have a chance to speak with you 
after the offsite to shake your hand.  Hope you enjoyed your weekend in 
Houston. 

looks fine

Sara Shackleton
   Carlos Alatorre@ENRON
   02/27/2001 06:07 PM
            
Sara:
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product. The change is 
mainly on the Settlement Date text, which instead of  "...Two business days 
after the date of the Transaction..." shall read as follow:
For Curr LME     LME (Spot)              01Mar01         JPY/USD
A currency Transaction with Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited ("EEFTL") 
as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp. under which either (A) for the 
case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy from EEFTL, Counterparty 
shall receive the Base Currency Amount and shall pay the Foreign Currency 
Amount, or (B) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to sell to 
EEFTL, Counterparty shall pay the Base Currency Amount and shall receive the 
Foreign Currency Amount. The Base Currency Amount shall equal the volume 
submitted by the Counterparty via the Website. The Foreign Currency Amount 
shall equal the Base Currency Amount, multiplied by the daily London Metal 
Exchange (LME) fixing rate as published by Reuters on page MTLE on the date 
of the transaction, modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty via 
the Website.

The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the 
Product description on the Website.

The Settlement date shall be the date(s) set forth in the Product description 
on the Website.

The price is quoted in JPY (the 'Foreign Currency') per US Dollar (the 'Base 
Currency').
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars.

Please let me know your approval before we make any changes.
Thanks
Carlos

