   Shawna Johnson@ENRON
   02/22/2001 04:37 PM
            
This is a request for your interview participation.  The Associate and 
Analyst Programs will be on the Penn, undergraduate campus interviewing 
summer Analyst interns next week.  Due to business reasons, previously 
scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had to cancel their 
participation.  

Currently, I need three interviewers for Thursday, March 1st  and one 
interviewer for Friday, March 2nd.  Please let me know of your availability.  
Campus interviews are scheduled as follows:

Place:  University of Pennsylvania

Date:  Thursday, March 1st   Friday, March 2nd
  Day One Interviews    Day Two Interviews
Where:  On Campus    Inn at Pen 
Time:  8:00 - 5:00    8:00 - 5:00
 
Interviewers: Kevin McGowan- confirmed
  Jen Fraser- confirmed 
  Margaret Rhee- confirmed
  Chris Hilgert- confirmed
  
  
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participate, any 
referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated. 

As always, thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you 
have any questions.

Shawna Johnson
Recruiting Coordinator

Sorry about that before.  I'll not say anything.

Best

Jeff

   "Scott A. Kushnick" <skush@swbell.net>
   01/26/2001 12:48 PM
            
Please don't mention my NY trip to anyone.  

Keep in touch.

Scott

thanks for the update.  have you gotten a price?

   Doug Leach
   01/25/2001 09:40 AM
            
fyi
   
   

Tom Byargeon, Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in 
the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana/Texas oil and gas drilling 
projects. This financing activity was primarily started to help ENA secure 
long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas 
trading desk activities. Just like what happened in Enron's initial VPP 
program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than 
natural gas projects. 

They are currently working on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which 
involves Murphy (operator), Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 
and #582. The initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80-120 million 
barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd 
starting in 1Q 2003. Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25-27 
API Gravity and 1.5-2.0% sulfur. Plans are to build a private pipeline to 
Equilon's West Delta #143 platform and then bring the oil onshore. Peggy is 
finding out where WD #143 pumps to onshore.

Tom's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude 
on either a fixed or floating basis. The floating could be tied to a Platt's 
index or the NYMEX. It is far too early to expect Murphy to enter into a 
physical or financial contract, but Tom hopes to get us first and/or last 
look from Murphy when the time is right. Another alternative is to give 
Murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd Meraux, Louisiana refinery in exchange for 
the new production barrels. 

Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis 
differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003? 

 

please print
   Amanda Huble@ENRON
   01/24/2001 01:02 PM
            

Please address, and I'll check with Legal as well.  We typically only book 
deals when everything is signed off.  Jeff
   David Hoog
   01/26/2001 09:37 AM
            
following up on our discussion yesterday; for these types of deals, i dont 
think its necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty's 
authorization to enter into the agreement.  these are short term transactions 
and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because 
competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements.

the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does 
a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then 
claims that it was not a valid contract.  in our case, they are only 
hedging.  we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known 
up front.  therefore they will not attempt to make this claim.  even if they 
did, our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout.

the risk of losing business is far greater than the risk of a counterparty 
trying to get their premium back.  seems like a 5 second decision to me.

is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single 
long form?  by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these 
requirements because the payout liability is only 1-way.

please print
   RusAmArts@aol.com
   01/26/2001 11:57 AM
            
Dear Mr. Shankman,
     Thank you very much for your quick reply.  Attached is my resume.  I
highlight the relevant skills in the summary.  The position is with the EES
MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM, ENRON ENERGY SERVICES. It was
posted on Dec. 11, but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on
the internet, it is open.
     Look forward to hearing your comments / suggestions.
Regards,
Rina

 - ENRONR~1.DOC

Yikes!  That girl's mother sounds like a real problem.  I'm not sure how I 
would have handled it.  How's school going?  Any plans for the weekend?

   Alma Martinez@ENRON
   01/26/2001 11:36 AM
           
What happened?  

Here's a story...as I was waiting at the bus stop (7:35am) to go to school, a 
lady approached me and asked if I'd make sure her daughter got on a certain 
bus.  The mother was running late for work and could not wait.  I couldn't 
say no...so Nicki (the little girl-10 yrs. old) and I waited for the bus.  It 
was now, 8:15 and there was no sign of her bus.  

On top of  things, I had quiz at 8am.  Which I then realized I missed.  I 
decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own.  I asked her if she 
had any relatives that  would want to know of her whereabouts.  I called her 
grandmother and explained things to her.  Pretty strange...aye. 

A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her, but I 
couldn't do it.  Finally, I told the little girl that she would have to 
accompany me to school (8:30am).  There were only 15 minutes left of class.  
I stayed for the remainder of the lecture. After class we went back to bus 
stop and within minutes her bus arrived.  I told the bus driver where to drop 
her off.  I notified her grandmother with the time of the departure.  And I 
was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe.

Please send the memo to the EGM business heads as well.  
Thanks.  Jeff

   Jana Giovannini
   01/26/2001 10:51 AM
           
Actually, Jen has volunteered for the afternoon session.  I spoke to her 
prior to my note.  Is there anyone else in EGM that could participate? Please 
let me know.  Thanks.

Jen, please take care of this for  EGM
   Jana Giovannini
   01/24/2001 11:42 AM
            
   

All,

The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that 
need to be addressed immediately.  While we anticipate many new Analysts 
joining Enron this summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it 
necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting 
event.  We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting 
approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.  I am asking that you forward 
this note to any potential interviewers (Managers or above).  We will conduct 
first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the 
afternoon.  We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 
(9am-12pm) or afternoon (2pm-5pm) complete session.  Please submit your 
response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.  In 
addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking 
one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer.   Thanks in 
advance for your cooperation.

  

Thank you,
Jana

Where does our 50% (the 1.65 million dollars) show up?   Can you provide me 
with more details?  Great job, guys.

   Eric Gonzales
   01/25/2001 02:02 AM
           
Great job gentlemen!  This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a 
significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick 
reactions and favourable market movements.

Eric

Wayne Perry@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
25/01/2001 00:20
Finally completed tonight

Net to Enron LNG Marketing Company - $ 272,000 ( $0.10/ mmbtu )
Net to Eco  about $3,300,000   ( Enron 50% share about $ 1,650,000 )

Enron total gain not counting  ENA's trading desk margin is $1,922,000 

Not bad for a single cargo.

Wayne

Jen, please take care of this for  EGM
