I'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning.  MHC

  Can you cover for me today? I am in mediation.  I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher, as well, just to make sure it is handled. My schedule shows an afternoon session. Do we have 2 sessions today? If so, you may want to split and cover.

Thanks a ton. I will take you next one in August.

Thanks,

Kriste

Kriste K. Sullivan
Enron Corp.  -  Legal
EB 4861
(713) 853-7557 Phone
(713) 646-5847 Fax

I got this.  I assume this is 12:30 Central Time?

When: Wednesday, September 19, 2001 10:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific
Time (US & Canada); Tijuana.
Where: Conf. Call

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

10:30-11:30 PST

Call-in #:  800/711-8000
Passcode:  4153030

Here is the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment Agreement.

 

What do you think?  MHC

Michelle, please comment. 

Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's written.  After that, what do we do?

Brad

After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbench.

Please see attached Word file

Best regards

Tobias Munk

 

Please see the attached.

Teresa

 

Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter (use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete).  Michelle

We're formatting one this week, and we'll send it when it's done.  Michelle

Thanks very much.
Do you also have a SSD we can use?
Jane

 << File: 220b - dg - Agreement for Recruiting Services.doc >>  << File: 220a DG - Agreement for Contract Services .DOC >> 

Here are the sample Agreements.  Please let us know if you need anything else.  Thanks.

Diane Goode
Senior Specialist

I agree also, but I don't know all the parties or complications involved.  Should there be a (groan) meeting on this?

Can you please help with this one?  I agree with what the concern is below.  We have GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id).  I think we should try to migrate to one of these. Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer.  Thanks.

Kathy,

Per my voicemail message, please review the note below.
I'd like to work with you on a response to this customer.

Thanks,

Brandee 

Brandee Sanborn
I.S.C. Customer Care
Design & Process Support
http://isc.enron.com/site

 << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >> 
Ngoc Luan Do@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
08/07/2001 12:36 PM
To Whom It May Concern:

Through TV and newspapers , I hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen social security information.    I am very concerned about this issue.

I have the following suggestion for our company.  Since Enron's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers (P number) and an HR number, could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers?  This will be safer for all employees.

For example, I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number.  I do not feel secure at all to see my SS in so many databases at Enron, especially when some databases are from third-parties (out-sourcing).  We could use our badge number there instead of our SS.

Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number.

Please calendar and print for my files on this meeting.  Thanks.  MHC

All,

A reminder that the HR Associate Points Meeting will take place as below:

Thursday, 23rd August 3.30 pm - 5. 30 pm (EB46C1).    

The Leads who are responsible for Associates are as follows:

Sunjay Arya                               Gary Buck
Khymberly Booth                   Ryan Seleznov
Mecole Brown                              Tim O'Rourke
Tana Cashion                              Sheila Walton
Wendy Fincher                             Sheila Knudsen
Karen Phillips                            Neil Davies
Noel Ryan                         Cindy Skinner
Simone Scott Walker                       Shanna Funkhouser

Peer reviews are currently been gathered on the above.   Upon receipt, I shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate.  In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation.

Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points (a max of 150) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period.   

If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know.

Kind regards,

Karen.
x54667

 

Shanna, I spoke with Per tonight about this.  Let's talk tomorrow.  Thanks.  Michelle

This is the background to my conversation with Shanna. I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow. Thanks for following up on this. Per

Per -

I did not hear back from Shanna or Sharon Butcher. Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow?

John, Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions. I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur. 

Thank you

Paula  

Let's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality, etc.  Thanks.  MHC

Hi Ya'll,
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request.  Let me know if you have any questions.
 
Regards,
Sandra
Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on:
 

Enron's Affirmative Action Policy and plans; as well as 
demographic analysis of workforce (gender, age, ethnic origin, nationality)

 
Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School (HBS) on a 5-year case study called 'Modern Giants'.  HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period.  
 
Please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me.
 
Regards,
 
Cindy

please print all these for me.  Thanks.  MHC
 
Ryan, 
 
Try this. 
 
bob k

FYI re:  NEPCO picketing issues.  Michelle

Michelle,

Two in one day.  We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to
picket the Lake Worth, Florida project as well.  Our execution team needs to
get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with
the progress of the work.  In that respect, we need to dial in Rick Johnson
and Olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team.  I
think the first step is a call between yourself, me, Mark Stubley and Mike
Indivero.  And then another call with all folks or a meeting at the jobsite
to lay out the plan.

Barbara, please organize a call for Mike, Michelle, Mark Stubley and me.
Thanks.
David,

I have been advised by our Construction Manager, Mr. Joe Osler that while he
was visiting the City of Lake Worth Building Planning and Zoning dept
regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired
about permit requirements to picket our site.  Apparently the City informed
them that no permit is required.  I have heard that the pipefitters have
established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today. We will need local
legal counsel to assist us in this regard.

Mike Indivero, I understand that Mr. Mike Croall's release date from NEPCO
is Oct 31, 2001.  Please advise as to who his replacement is and their
report date.

Thanks,

Galen J. Torneby

Project Manager

National Energy Production Corporation (NEPCO)

11831 North Creek Parkway North

Bothell,  WA  98011  USA

Tel:   425-415-3052

Cell:  425-922-0475

Fax:  425-415-3098

email:   <mailto:galent@nepco.com> mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
