   JMB <JBennett@GMSSR.com>
   12/22/2000 06:28 PM
            
 
Parties, attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance
for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28.  The ruling will also be posted on the
web site as quickly as possible.  

Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy
the holidays. 

--Angela Minkin 
Administrative Law Judge 

<<1%P701!.doc>> 

Note that this communication is confidential, covered by CA's settlement 
rules.
   "Lindh, Frank (Law)" <FRL3@pge.com>
   12/21/2000 07:50 PM
            
Confidential Settlement Document
Per CPUC Rule 51

Gas Accord II Settlement Participants:

Attached is PG&E's Gas Accord II (GA II) Settlement Proposal.  We believe it
addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops.

As an overview, this proposal:

*   Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the
period 2003 to 2007.
*   
*   Offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most
customers than rates in effect today.
*   
*   Provides for vintaged Redwood path rates for core customers.
*   
*   Offers a 7.5 cent/dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate
changes to other customers, minimizing the incentive for these customers to
seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC-approved charges.
*   
*   Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in
gas commodity markets, and identifies the capital projects needed to meet
these guidelines over the course of the GA II period (2003-2007).  
*   
*   Provides a high degree of rate stability, with a 3.5% escalator to
capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects.  The
guaranteed rates will be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost
of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or
catastrophic events.
*   
*   Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths,
although somewhat less than the current differential.
*   
*   Proposes a two-stage open season for firm transportation services
beginning in 2003, with end users receiving a first option on available
capacity.
*   
*   Maintains the core aggregation program with some adjustments.

PG&E also anticipates that the Core Procurement Incentive Mechanism (CPIM)
will be similar to today's mechanism, but will reflect the somewhat larger
capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to
meet a 1-day in 10-year cold weather event.

This also will serve as a reminder that an all-Party meeting is scheduled at
PG&E's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11, to discuss this
proposal and to respond to your questions.  We look forward to answering
your questions and receiving your feedback.

The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal, an Attachment
(a copy of PG&E's proposed Gas Rule 27), and a set of supporting workpapers.

Finally, please note that the Settlement document and the Attachment are in
"Word 2000" format.  We would be glad to provide the same documents in an
earlier version of Word, upon request by individual Parties.

We look forward to seeing you on January 10-11.  In the meantime, we extend
our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season.

Frank Lindh               Ray Williams
(415) 973-2776            (415) 973-3634

 <<PG&E Gas Accord II Settlement Proposal 12-20-00.doc>>  <<Proposed Gas
Rule 27.doc>>  <<COS & Rates Workpapers for GA II 12-20-2000 Proposal.xls>> 

Greetings Judge Minkin:

This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address 
the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the 
Commission's hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th.  Thank you.

Sincerely,
Jeffrey Dasovich
Director, Enron Corp

Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.  Few 
points:
Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes.
Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will 
forward that along for folks review later today.
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail 
(415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317).
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST).  
The call in number is 800.713.8600.  Code is 80435.
The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST).

   Jeff Dasovich
   Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
   12/26/2000 03:15 PM
           
   

Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.  Few 
points:
Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes.
Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will 
forward that along for folks review later today.
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail 
(415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317).
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST).  
The call in number is 800.713.8600.  Code is 80435.
The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST).

Nice job.  Going to be a wild ride.

That's a very good point.  I'll make the change.

Best,
Jeff

   Harry Kingerski
   12/26/2000 03:33 PM
           
Jeff - instead of suggesting a specific rate increase - 10 or 15 %, I think 
we should acknowledge that a "modest" increase may be necessary and may in 
fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of increase should be 
reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and hearings, not just 
determined by whim.  In general, we should not be overly prescriptive at this 
point and I know you agree with that.  Otherwise, I think you have captured 
the points excellently.  

We're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few 
months.  But while the (otherwise perishable) thoughts are still fresh in my 
mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday, I wanted to throw out some 
observations for discussion in the days/weeks ahead.

OBSERVATION--The pressure to finger somebody for "price gouging" is 
increasing.

The administration is hell bent on finding a "fall guy."  The price spikes 
pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an 
easy way out.   His press release following the hearing renewed the call for 
"refunds."  On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her 
with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to 
marketers.  And Carl Wood's remarks were extreme.
At the Barton hearing, a liberal democrat (Filner) and a conservative 
Republican (Hunter) locked arms in calling for refunds. Bilbray joined the 
"gouging" band wagon.
The utilities repeatedly called on FERC to do a "real" investigation, with 
hearings, testimony, data discovery---the works. 
On the positive side, the FERC commissioners lauded Wolak, his analysis, and 
his remarks on the panel.  Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature 
of California's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single 
participant as the culprit.  He also stated that just everyone's just acting 
in their own self-interest, responding to the screwed incentives embedded in 
the structure.

IMPLICATION--It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of 
getting fingered.

In the best case, the clamoring for a "refund" subsides.  In which case, the 
only cost to Enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the 
risks of getting fingered.
In the medium case, investigations find that Enron (like others) "played by 
the rules," but the rules stunk, and Enron profited at the expense of 
California consumers.  

You're right, Sue.  Rates can't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in 
some fashion---trying to finesse it.  Thanks very much for the comments.  
Harry also had a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate increase in 
our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned 
and based on facts and evidence.  Will make that change.
