You have always been on the move seeking affectionate, satisfying and harmonious relationships. Your ultimate goal has bee
n the realisation of an intimate union in which there could be love, self-sacrifice and mutual trust. It has often been said th
at "True love is just around the corner"...and maybe... if you haven't found it as yet - you possibly soon will. 

In the past there have been .. and maybe there still are many things that you have had to do without. You have now decided
 to set your sights on a position or situation that could give you greater prestige and which will afford you considerable self
 esteem.

You wear your heart on your sleeve ... and since you are an emotional person you are apt to give your all ... heart and so
ul ... to all those that show you a little affection ... but take care... it would appear that you have been extremely hurt in 
the past...and you keep leaving yourself wide open for punishment..

Whatever you strive to do, something always seems to be holding you back. There is no subterfuge in you. You are a clear t
hinker and all you demand from life, in a relationship, is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can, together, develo
p a foundation of trust based on understanding. You are your own person... and you demand freedom of thought ...to follow your 
own convictions. You have no interest in "two-timing" and all you seek is sincerity and "straight-dealing". 

You wish to be left in peace... no more conflict and no more differences of opinion ... In fact you just don't want to be 
involved in any arguments of any shape or form ... All you want is for "them" to get on with it - and to leave you alone..

John,

sorry for not sending it to you earlier (totally forgot to open my outlook).
Raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Vladi.
 

Hey Vladi,

Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo's spread analysis?  If you do would you send 
me a copy?  Thanks.

John

Attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all-employee meeting today at 10 a.m. (CDT) at the Hyatt Regency
 Houston, Imperial Ballroom. If you are located in London, Calgary, Toronto, Omaha, New York, Portland (ENA) or Houston, you ca
n access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting.

Constance,

I was on vacation from October 4th to October 19th and I didn't submit my timesheet yet. I tried to do it on the HRonline 
web-site, but the procedure is too complicated.
Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time?
I would really appreciate that.

Thank you.

Vladi Pimenov

ext. 37625
