Tana,
 
Please review the process below:

With divisions,  EOL does request a new Password Application for the 
applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.  When the company is set up 
in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP 
ID.  Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to 
establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.

Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.  

Thanks,
Stephanie    

Sam & Stephanie,

Re:  Cargill Ferrous International

It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the 
legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Stephanie, I my preference is 
to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read 
something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc."  
or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".

  Samuel Schott
  03/21/2001 01:58 PM
          
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.

Attn. GCP_London:
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK. Please respond.

 

Best Rgds.

Samuel x3-9890
ENW_GCP

Please see attached.

Harry - are you the right lawyer to look at this?
  Robert B Cass
  04/16/2001 04:52 PM
           
Please approve the following product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.m.  
See the steps for approval below.

US Steel Hot Rolled Plate Phy

Website Short Description of Product Type:  US HR StlPlt Phy

Product Type:
Reference Period:
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date (or start date) 
to the Termination Date (or end date). The Effective Date (or start date) is 
01 Oct 2001. The Termination Date (or end date) is 31 Oct 2001.

Product Additional Information (example):
The Transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of 1" and a width of 
72 inches. 
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago, Ill Metro 
Area.  F.O.B. refers to the following terms: Seller is responsible for 
freight, unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse, 
Buyer is responsible for storage, loading and freight after delivery.  The 
Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by Counterparty via EnronOnline 
(5% greater or lesser allowance at Seller's option). Each calendar month 
during the term of the Transaction will be a Dispatch Period.  Enron will 
guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period and accept 
supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period.  Payment shall be made, 
against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms 
and Conditions, in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic transfer no later 
than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is released to 
Buyer.

Currency:
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the 
Contractual Currency.

Unit of Measure:
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons (2000 
lbs) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month.

STEPS FOR APPROVAL:

click the  START button 
select  PROGRAMS
select  TEST APPLICATIONS
select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD)
 PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD 
click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button  
select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager)
 PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD
click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
click on the "+" for Product Types
click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR  "Partially Approved")
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above
Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up 
TO APPROVE:  Right mouse click on "Approved"

Thanks Bill - appreciate your help!

  Bill D Hare
  04/16/2001 05:51 PM
          
We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include, 
"a division of Cargill Incorporated".   We will meet in the near future to 
discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in Global 
Counterparty.

Bill         

Bill -

If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me 
like something needs to be changed.  The difficulty lies in the fact that the 
confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty.  
Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the 
power to contract in their own names.  If the correct legal name is not in 
Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on 
it seriously compromising the contract itself.  That is the source of Tana's 
concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system.  

My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer 
has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is 
that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer 
until they are correctly completed.

In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to 
transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application 
they are understandably upset and are now complaining.  I would appreciate it 
if you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with 
changing the GCP procedure, please let me know.

Mark

  Tana Jones
  04/16/2001 03:11 PM
           
  Samuel Schott
  03/28/2001 01:09 PM
           
FYI...

Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty 
System as a Division of Cargill, Inc.
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and setup as 
such in GCP with a Sub-to-Legal Link
to Cargill, Inc. per GCP procedure.

Also, the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) would need Legal Name Change 
documentation from the Counterparty
in order to change this name.

Best Rgds.

Samuel x3-9890 (GCP)
Enron Net Works _ Global Data Management

Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name?

  
  

Hello,

Yes, GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent 
and child for our downstream systems.
GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names that reflect either the 
Tradename / Division name or Parent Name  - - not both simultaneously.
(Although, we have broken that rule for Legal in the past.) This defeats the 
purpose of using a Tradename.

Best Rgds.

Samuel

   

  
                             
  

Tana,
 
Please review the process below:

With divisions,  EOL does request a new Password Application for the 
applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.  When the company is set up 
in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP 
ID.  Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to 
establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.

Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.  

Thanks,
Stephanie    

Sam & Stephanie,

Re:  Cargill Ferrous International

It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the 
legal incorporated entity as part of the name.  Stephanie, I my preference is 
to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read 
something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc."  
or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".

  Samuel Schott
  03/21/2001 01:58 PM
          
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.

Attn. GCP_London:
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK. Please respond.

 

Best Rgds.

Samuel x3-9890
ENW_GCP

Please see attached.

Doc -

I'll be in town through Sunday morning.  Any chance we can get together for 
dinner Saturday eve.?

Mark
