Mom's birthday is tommorow. What are we going to get her?

Chris

That is some good stuff. I hear you are coming our way soon. Look forward to 
drinking a few beers.

Chris

Michael McDermott <Michael.McDermott@spectrongroup.com> on 06/01/2000 
06:00:56 AM
Yo Mama`s so fat ....

Your mama is so fat:
When she hauls ass she has to make two trips.
When she dances she makes the band skip.
When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her

13 years to live.

She puts mayonnaise on aspirin. (<- clearly the winner)
Her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts.
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph.
Her driver`s license says "Picture continued on other side."
She has to iron her pants on the driveway.
The back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs.
Yo mama`s so fat, all the restaurants in town have signs that say:
"Maximum Occupancy: 240 Patrons OR Yo Mama"
Yo mama`s so fat, when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of
the milk carton.
Yo mama`s so fat, instead of Levis 501 jeans, she wears Levi`s 1002`s.
Yo mama`s so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down.
Yo mama`s so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
Yo mama`s so fat, she`s got smaller fat women orbiting around her.
Yo mama`s so fat, she could sell shade.

You will have to wait and see :-)

Done!

Expect a call from Paul tonight. 

Chris

What are some good interview questions? Poll your co-workers.

cd

I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you didn't want 
to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis. I told him I told 
you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say. He said they are 
looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality.

Chris

Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive? 

All the guys at work are saying I shouldn't bother having it fixed I should 
just buy a new one.

Chris

Jai Hawker 
974-6721

I won't forget about the $. 

Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system 
or did you already do that?

Chris

Kathy,

Don't take that deal out until I look at it. I think it is mine but I forgot 
to write it in the blue FX book (I only wrote it in my red book).

Thanx,

Chris

Just a reminder to send me a currency report.

Thanx,

Chris

Paul called me today. He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will 
interview you then.

Chris

You should reply ASAP. Don't make Peters and Co. wait.

Chris

I didn't get a chance to talk to Paul today. Give him a call tommorow.

Chris

Will you please run a June NX3/NX1 for our book.

Paul 
How about meeting at 11:30 or 12? I am in the office so give me a call.

CD 3-1663

The deed is done.

Chris

Find attached resume and cover letter. Hopefully he didn't spel anyting 
incorrectly. 

Dan is really smart and a hard worker. I think he would be a good fit.

Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss (gone to Kelowna golfing for the 
weekend).

Cheers,

Chris

I haven't had a chance to send it yet. Paul is out of the office today so I 
haven't had a chance to talk to him. I'll send it as soon as you resond 
wether I should or not. 

Chris

Are you guys still looking for an analyst? 

Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly?

Chris

Enron Canada Corp.
Suite 1100, 70 York Street
Toronto, Ontario
M5J 1S9
416-865-3700

Paul DeVries - Director 
416-865-3703

Jan Wilson - Manager
416-865-3704

Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X (NWP and PGT).

We should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon 
as we can.

Chris

See you there!

CD

Sushi tonight?

Ryan Watt says high.

Chris

I will be able to attend.

Chris
