Marlene Hilliard
10/08/99 08:52 AM
On or about September 23, 1999 a request for service was placed by the above 
referenced counterparty.  The request was for a Intrastate Gas Transportation 
Agreement and 311 Gas Transportation Agreement.  These agreements were 
forwarded to the counterparty, CCNG, Inc..  On or about October 6, 1999,  
Kelly Cloud, Senior Vice President of CCNG, Inc. (713) 235-1972, called and 
informed me that the counterparty should be CCGM, L.P..  Further, she 
informed me that Section 7 of the agreement, which reads  in part: Gas is 
free from liens and adverse claims of every kind, should be changed because 
the gas that the counterparty will be transporting on HPL may and/or  is 
subject to liens.  She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another 
would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of 
Section 7.

Attached find the agreements for the necessary changes in Section 7.  Kelly 
Cloud has instructed me to call with any further questions. 

Thanks.

Marlene D. Hilliard

Ginny,  Please see the attached guaranty.  A clean and redlined version are 
attached.  I revised the language based on our discussions and added the 
language concerning interest which we had both previously approved.  We are 
OK to execute this form.  Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and 
execute.  Thanks.

  "Townsend, George" <gtownsend@manorisd.net>
  03/27/2001 09:11 AM
           
Puto,

What's going on dude? Antigua was awesome. I survived it without a problem.
Heather moving in has been a different story. I didn't realize how much
"stuff" you could pack into a one bedroom apartment. How is your love life.
The gal from the wedding was pretty hot. Are you still chasing that? Lets
get together soon. Our extra bedroom is nicer now. My old bed got tossed in
a dumpster. It smelled like shit.

Talk to you later
GT

How is it going?  Did you survive the honeymoon?

These look fine to me.  Go ahead and forward to Brant if you are ready.

