Ladies,
  Enclosed is a worksheet for Ineos Acrylics.  Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US.  Note that the credit thresholds are in US$, but the MACS are designated in British Pounds.  Please send the draft to Troy Black and he will forward to the CP.  Please deliver a copy to me as well.  

Have a great weekend.  

Max

 << File: Ineos.xls >> 

Robbi:

I left you a voice mail on Friday.  I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had.

Marie

Hi,

Attached are Uecomm's final comments to the Master Agreement.  John Suttle has OK'd Anthony's latest request w/r.t. the CSA.

Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred, David, John and me tomorrow?

If they're OK with it, we'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections.

Thanks

Pat

Pat,

Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement. I have inserted the company
details of Uecomm as requested.

I have also amended the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex to 10 days
instead of 2 days. (Clauses 2 & 3). I have tracked all changes for ease of
reference.

If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange
for execution.

If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call.

Regards,

Anthony Sill
Legal Counsel
Uecomm Limited
126 Trenerry Crescent
Abbotsford, VIC 3067.
Ph. (03) 9221 4101
Fax.(03) 9221 4193
Mob. 0417 575 920

 <<Enron - UC Master Agreement - 0308.doc>> 

 
 
 
 
Turn up your sound a bit. 

Reminder:

Conference Call with ConEd at 1:00 today in Sara's office - EB3801A.

Nick:

Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V.  Please note that the economic provisions have been omitted.

Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.

Marie
x33907

           

Tana:

Here's info on the Elliotts.

Marie

CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!  We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the "Babies Elliott" had arrived.  Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size, and that Mom is doing well.  Look forward to seeing pictures of the little ones.  I know you all are going to have so much fun with them.  Hope you've been storing up sleep, cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a while.

Again, congratulations.  These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to ha
ve such a nice Dad, but I'm sure they'll find out soon.

Take care

Marie

Ladies and gentlemen,

This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on Friday, 6th July, to our triplets:

Benjamin James - at 12.45 pm - 3 lbs 4 ozs

Toby William - 12.46 pm - 4 lbs

Hannah May - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs.

Although small, they are all "fully functioning" and very well - they are in the lowest level of special care (and they will probably be in there for another two to four weeks) until they can feed properly and maintain their weights.  Emma is fine, too - very well!!

All the best and kind regards

Mark   

OOPS!  Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you.

Marie

           

Rebecca:

I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts.  I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer.  Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are.

Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.

Marie
x33907

            

 
 
 
 
 
Turn up your sound a bit. 

Hi, Liz:

Thanks!

Marie

Marie Heard
Senior Legal Specialist
                           

Ms. Marquez:

I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments.  We look forward to hearing your comments.

Marie Heard
Senior Legal Specialist
Ms. Marquez:

Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our comments.  Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite, Senior Counsel (713/345-7942; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com) or me with any questions or comments.  Thank you for your assistance.

Marie Heard
Senior Legal Specialist
                                   

Tanya:

I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc. for our review.  Will you pass along to the appropriate person?

Thanks!

Marie
Marie - per our conversation yesterday afternoon, attached are proposed drafts
of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above.  Having spoken with
Dennis Goldmann, I am advised that there are currently 2 Guaranties in place in
the sum of $8M each:  one by Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc f/b/o Enron, and one by
Enron Inc. f/b/o Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing.  I am told that our respective
credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $10M for each party, but to
effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly.  Let me
know if this is your understanding, as well.

After you have had the chance to review the attached, please send me a marked-up
draft and we can discuss our concerns from there.

Should you have any questions, feel free to call me.  I can be reached at
315-460-3344.  Any credit concerns can be discussed with Dennis Goldmann, who
can be reached at 315-460-3349.

I look forward to hearing from you.

Patty Snyder

(See attached file: ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)(See attached file:
ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)

 - ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc 
 - ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc 

 

Hi Marie

Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way?  Thanks, I know you are busy.

Tracy

Jeff:

Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.  I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message.  Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.

Marie
x33907
