Sean Boyle
08/17/2000 11:21 AM
I spoke to Bruce Garcey at NiMo regarding their RFP.  Bruce indicated NiMo 
short listed five companies who all bid higher than ENA.  However, he also 
mentioned we were a close sixth, that is close to the fifth highest bid. He 
gave no indication on the value of the highest bid.  He also said that the 
other five companies making the short list all proposed alternative 
structures to the proposed NiMo Tier Structure.   
NiMo released an additional RFP for peaking supplies for this winter, I 
believe Phil should have or be getting that RFP.  
Phil if you could please make copies and distribute ASAP.
Thanks,
Sean

Here you go.  If you have any other questions, please let me know.  

    

Scott Neal
08/16/2000 03:48 PM
John Griffith@ENRON
08/15/2000 06:23 PM
SOblander@carrfut.com on 08/15/2000 06:03:48 PM
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be
reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.  Nothing
contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.  Any
opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.  As such, they
may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by
on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers, directors, employees or
affiliates.  , 2000 Carr Futures

The charts are now in the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat 4.0 and they
should print clearly from Adobe Acrobat Reader 3.0 or higher. Adobe Acrobat
Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com.

(See attached file: UnleadedStocks.pdf)(See attached file: CrudeStocks.pdf)
(See attached file: HeatingOilStocks.pdf)(See attached file:
PADDIIstocksCL.pdf)(See attached file: PADDIstocksHO.pdf)(See attached
file: PADDIstocksHU.pdf)(See attached file: API.pdf)
 - UnleadedStocks.pdf
 - CrudeStocks.pdf
 - HeatingOilStocks.pdf
 - PADDIIstocksCL.pdf
 - PADDIstocksHO.pdf
 - PADDIstocksHU.pdf
 - API.pdf