Wednesday doesn't work for me.   

How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.

i completely agree.
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to 
get an update and anything and everything.  My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.  What d
o you guys think.

John

OK.  I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday.

Monday's starting next week at 4???????????????

Wednesday doesn't work for me.   

How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.

i completely agree.
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to 
get an update and anything and everything.  My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.  What d
o you guys think.

John

Not yet.

Did you happen to sign your employment agreement?

Please respond to request below.  

Thanks. 

John Lavorato has requested the attached report. He is concerned about the allocation amongst categories- in particular, 
Real Time Traders. If you would, please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by
 tomorrow evening, if possible. I'm at xif you have any questions. Thanks!

 

I understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality is if we lose Dean (which we will if we don't pay 65k + 10k),
 we will end up hiring a replacement at 75-80k.   This is pretty easy math for me.

I know it seems like a stretch, but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now.   I would like to get this do
ne ASAP.

Thanks.

I am reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurent.  Juan communicated some numbers to m
e and when reviewing this request would like to ask you to consider the following:

Current Salary: $47,500
Job Group:  Specialist
YE PRC Rating:  Satisfactory

Original Proposition:

Base Salary 65k
1 Year Agreement
$5,000 signing

Revised Proposal:

Base Salary:  55k
1 Year agreement
$5,000 signing
Business Case:  If we offered Dean 55k or  60k it would still constitute a over a $10,000 increase (approximately 25%) an
d taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level.  Also, the top of the salary range for a spec
ialist is 66k. It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted. Secondly, he will s
till out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Th
omas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai.

Salary Listing in Job Group:

Maria Valdes   superior    $62,500
Paul Thomas   excellent   $55,008
Jason Choate  excellent   $60,008
Todd DeCook   strong      $42,008 
Peter Makkai   strong      $47,500

Let me know your thoughts....then I will run it by Oxley.

Are we going to attend?

Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition  Conference

Feb. 5-8, 2002, Miami,  Florida

 

OVERVIEW

 

This conference will examine the  business and regulatory challenges to U.S. electric systems in transition in  effective
ly expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger  and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC
's RTO  initiatives.  The conference will  review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them.  It will e
xamine technology options and  new business models for transmission expansion.  It will analyze emerging proposals for  effecti
ve transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing  alternatives to FERC's traditional pricing methods. The c
onference will also  discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to  achieve an efficient regime 
for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and  regional trading system.

 

The brochure for the Conference and associated  Workshops can be obtained by  clicking on the link below:<http://www.euci
.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf> << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >> 

 

Electricity  Market Design Conference

 

March  25-26, 2002, Atlanta, Georgia
