Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on.  Article 6 of the 
Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) 
with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an 
automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading 
conditions on CDEC's system.  We had a pretty good idea when we signed the 
contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start 
date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to 
"assist [Transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same 
result and will hold harmless and keep [Transwestern] whole for all cost and 
expenses" associated with the manual system.  We will fight with them about 
who owes the $200k that James mentions below based on their failure to 
"assist" us in managing the cost.  In the mean time, we need to make sure 
that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to 
mitigate future costs.  Do we have someone who is watching this out there?  
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to 
manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.  James 
had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--I 
guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to communicate to 
us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC.  That sounds like a 
BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we 
can figure out a solution.  Thanks.  DF 

James Centilli
12/14/2000 02:49 PM
Would you please contact Gerald Nemec and review the Gallup Compression 
Service Contract in respect to the Load Control Management.  My understanding 
was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC's online profile in order 
for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC's peak 
load periods.  We have not received access to this information which has 
resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of 
July through September.  Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder 
of this year, that I have not been able to review yet.  This cost is 
averaging $79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have 
in August and September.

Good point, but I'm comfortable we're covered because our bidders were all 
bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points.  They are deemed to be on 
notice that they had alternate point rights (its in the tariff) and if they 
wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and 
alternates, they could have done so.  None of them did, and most importantly, 
the winning bidders did not.  Our letter agreement simply memorializes that 
we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or 
alternates.  I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get 
it nailed down?  DF  

   
  
  

I just got done looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in 
the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that 
the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed 
to.   My concern with adding the language below is,  could it be argued that 
not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point, since we just 
stated Topack and Needles and if they knew they might have bid a different 
rate?? 

Susan Scott
01/11/2001 02:42 PM
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined 
language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other 
negotiated rate agreements we've done.  If there are any objections you need 
to get back to me ASAP.

pls print.  df
  
  

In discussion with Dave, we thought it would be good to put this together in 
a format of questions and answers.
However, as you will see, the questions I thought of got kinda long- but I 
think we need answers for all of them. 
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in 
with the first two questions as I've listed. 
Please provide me your thoughts asap.   MK

whasssup?

Here it is.  Thanks. DF
  
  

Here is the attachment...

  
  

Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing.  It incorporates Mr. 
Stojic's and Mr. Kelly's initial comments.  Please review it and let me know 
if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon (I will be out of the 
office Monday).  Thank you!

OK.  DF
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 10:34 AM
Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with 
a cc: to me.  Thanks!

Forgot to cc you.  df
Drew Fossum
01/12/2001 04:37 PM
OK.  DF
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 10:34 AM
Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with 
a cc: to me.  Thanks!

Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?  Lee Huber made the 
same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, 
however).  Norma, any thoughts?  
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 01:14 PM
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her 
offices - on 47 and 41.  This particular chair is designed to help with back 
problems, which she has.  Many people at Enron already have this type of 
chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.  
The cost is $567.77 per chair plus tax.  Please approve the purchase of two.  
Thanks!

sorry, i left lou off of the message.     
Drew Fossum
01/13/2001 09:45 AM
Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?  Lee Huber made the 
same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, 
however).  Norma, any thoughts?  
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 01:14 PM
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her 
offices - on 47 and 41.  This particular chair is designed to help with back 
problems, which she has.  Many people at Enron already have this type of 
chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.  
The cost is $567.77 per chair plus tax.  Please approve the purchase of two.  
Thanks!

I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 
that MKM's spies intercepted.  She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and 
discussed it with him.  Dari and I vented our aggravation by drafting the 
attached letter to Gibson and Kyle complaining of Sommer's duplicity, but 
after tempers cooled, MKM and I decided not to send it to  Stan or urge him 
to send a written response.  As it stands, MKM and I will probably bring it 
up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated 
communication to the producers.  Stan may also bring the letter up orally 
next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to 
handle this situation.    

Yea--it was outstanding news!  What a hoss.  Can't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip.  DF
