Maureen,

Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets (August Board meeting) one more time before I forward it to you.  He will make sure that we do not request FX and inflation (CPI,PPI, etc.) curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed.  Typically, we receive both FX and inflation from you, but both curves may not always be used.  I hope that we can give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests.

For now, this is the list of countries for which  we will  probably need the FX and/or inflation curves.  I will send the specifics per Andre later today.

India 
Philippines
Bolivia
Jamaica
Guatemala
Venezuela
Columbia
Puerto Rico       CPI only (I need historical inflation data, as well)
Panama
Brazil            we have current data already
China             we have current data already
Euro              inflation only

I am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting/IV group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already.

Thanks!

Cindy

David and Cindy,

Please send us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the August Board meeting. 

Thanks,

Maureen

Philip,

I have to decline the invitation with regrets.
I have too many commitments right now.

Vince Kaminski

Dear Vince

Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently
inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, Risk 2001 Australia,
which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001. Have you had an
opportunity to consider the invitation yet? We are aiming to have the
programme printed next week, so I would really need to know as soon as
possible if you would be available to speak at this year's congress.

I am working from our Hong Kong office for this week only (Tel: +852 2545
2710), and I can be contacted by phone there or by email.

Kind regards.

Philip

Philip Annesley
Conference Producer
Risk Waters Group

+44 20 7484 9866
+44 20 7484 9800

www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus

Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30.
See you all there - this is ling overdue

Paula 

Paula,

Thanks a lot. Will you drive on that day?

Vince

Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30.
See you all there - this is ling overdue

Paula 

FYI

Vince

Anne, Mike will call you regarding Sarah.

Vince,

As I mentioned in my voice mail, Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody, a recent MBA grad from Rice, into his group.  However, when we were talking about this position, Mike compared Sara to Elena.  Elena's title is admin coordinator, and I know that Sara should not have this title, and honestly do not think that Elena should also.  Admin coordinator's do primarily administrative work.  

I suggest that you compare Elena and Sarah's duties/ level to other Sr. Spec. in your group such as Kenneth Parkhill and Sevil to determine if they are equivalent, or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad.  If the latter is the case, we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33-66K).  Please advise.

Thanks,
Anne

Clayton,

Thanks a lot. I appreciate all your help.

Vince

Vince-

Good news. Martin's box is working wonderfully- I'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday.

This was (another) nice deal for Enron. We save $21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box that wasn't being used by anyone. I'm happy about this.

Clayton

Iris,

Congratulations.

Anne, please, include this info in Iris'  file

Vince
