Dr. Harris:
 I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review 
my application. Though I am disappointed with the results I am still 
determined to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year.  I 
understand how competitive the process has become, but I felt that with my 
work experiences, recommendations, personality, extracurricular activities, 
etc. that this would compensate for my disability.  After talking with 
Professors Titman, Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that the School was 
the right place to get the education I was looking for.  
  I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great 
graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do 
whatever it takes to get in next year.  I plan on taking two or three 
graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and 
Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the 
graduate level. I also plan on retaking the GMAT test.  Due to my disability, 
this will be a monumental task; but I am determined to prove to the Committee 
that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business.  I would 
like to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss 
my application file and to personally meet you.   
  If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application 
file for next year, please let me know.  Take care and hope to hear from you 
soon.

Sincerely,

Ben Rogers
  

Professor Ronn: 
 I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA 
Program.  In the end, the results were not favorable.  I understand that it 
is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work experiences, 
recommendations, extracurricular activities, etc., that this would help my 
chances and possibly compensate for my disability.  After talking with you 
and Professors Titman, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right 
place to continue learning about energy-finance.  
  I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent 
graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do 
whatever it takes to get in next year.  I plan on taking two or three 
graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and 
Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this 
level. I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.  Due to my disability, 
this will be a monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the 
Admissions commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University 
Graduate School of Business.  
 Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.  It has been a 
pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and 
finance in the future.  Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to 
strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.  
Take care and hope to hear from you soon.

Sincerely,

Ben Rogers
  

Professor Titman:
 I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA 
Program.  In the end, the results were not favorable.  I understand that it 
is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work experiences, 
recommendations, extrcurricular activities, etc., that this would help my 
chances and possibly compensate my disability.  After talking with you and 
Professors Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right place to 
continue learning about energy-finance.  
  I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent 
graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do what 
ever it takes to get in next year.  I plan on taking a couple of graduate 
level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to 
demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level. I also 
plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.  Due to my disability, this will be a 
monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment 
that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business.
 Also, I would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an 
Energy-Finance Private Equity Fund at UT.  I know that with my industry-wide 
and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund.  
I am very interested in energy-finance and think that your idea is a very 
good.  
 Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.  It has been a 
pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and 
finance in the future.  Also, if you think of anything else I can do to 
strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.  
Take care and hope to hear from you soon.

Sincerely,

Ben Rogers
  

Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks
Ben

Sorry about that, I was working on the Teco O&M costs.  Thanks
Ben
Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see 
associated with the heat rate spread option.  I want to make sure that I 
understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value 
would be booked.  As such, please provide the following detail:

Will we be valuing/booking a series of monthly call options or a series of 
daily call options?
What power curve are we valuing the deal against - PJM East or West Hub?
Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh to 
value the deal?
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities 
or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two (if blending please show me 
what formula you using to blend the two vols)?
What expiration date are you using, i.e.: for monthly call options the 15th 
of the relevant month, and for daily options?
What correlation are you assuming, 15% flat for twenty years?
Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option?
Are you using the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function to value the option?
Are you using the $/MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike?
Has Don provided the fixed payment stream?  This stream should be covering 
both P&I and not just principal.

Yvan, and Ben, please provide answers to these question via written 
correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding.  
Thank you both very much for your time and help thus far.  Furthermore, I 
would like to reiterate that RAC's goal, prior to quoting any credit reserve, 
is to be 100% confident that: (i) the methodology that is being employed is 
consistent among the internal groups; and (ii) the inherent value of the 
price risk management contracts matches.  This enables RAC to manage the 
associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and 
appropriately.

Regards,

Christopher
