Joan Woodson
08/10/2000 08:28 AM
  Enron Investment Partners
  

Congratulations!  You've all won!

...Now comes the fun part....

The following have made a team for the game show on August 17th!.

Thanks to all who volunteered.  You will remain as alternates.

Analyst Team Participants:  

Analyst Team 1: Coach:  Lisa Gilette 
   Kristen Quinn, Sarah Mulholland, Samuel Pak, Daniel Kang

Analyst Team 2: Coach:  Doug Sewell
   Jeffrey Synder, Ryan Hinze, Sheetal Patel, Johnathan Anderson
   
Associate Team Participants:

Associate Team 1: Coach:  Ben Markey
   Mary John, Russell Dyk, Webb Jennings, Martin Gonzales

Mixed A/ATeam 2: Coach:  Melanie King
   Brandon Luna - Analyst, Bryan Hull - Analyst, Eduardo Tellechea - 
Associate, Milson Mundim - Associate

Alternates:  Heather Johnson, Usman Shaukat, Gerard Benitez, Matthew Almy, 
Travis Hanson

WHO WANTS TO HELP MILLIONS FOR UNITED WAY?
We hope you do!

How to Pledge:
This year it is very easy to make your contribution. Simply type in the 
following United Way link, http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to 
Internet Explorer or Netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address 
field.  Either option should take you directly to Enron's United Way 2000 
Campaign site.

PLEASE NOTE:  Your pledge is to be made electronically - it only takes 
minutes.  No physical pledge cards.  

Questions:  If you have any questions regarding the pledging process, please 
contact Joan Woodson (3-5213), Bert Frazier (3-5076) or Kathy Mayfield 
(3-3264).

you know that both o'neal and matt are out?

   

  
                             
  

Game tonight at 7, it's time to kick some ass. 

i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay 
in town.  the weather is going to be fine, hector was just blowing smoke.

Christa Winfrey
08/08/2000 11:36 AM
have you heard from anyone?  also, what's the deal with the weather this 
weekend?  is it supposed to be storming?

by the way, buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end.

Your father never listens to me, what can I say?  But, I'm very happy for
you!  How are you?  Any news on Aunt Toni?  LU-M
