  Bob Bowen
  07/14/2000 03:58 PM
           

Note that the No "Out" version requires us to pay the premium on Tuesday!

  GILBERGD@sullcrom.com
  07/14/2000 02:18 PM
           
As we discussed, the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access 
to deal with the cost issue:

EnronOnline will assist users, upon request, in arranging for the connection 
of "T1" lines or other means of direct access to EnronOnline, as an 
alternative to internet access.   Direct access connections might enable 
users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through 
internet access.

Please call if you want to discuss.  Have a good weekend.

This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information
that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the
intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us
immediately.

The least we can do is pass this news along.  Is there anyone else we should 
tell?

  Ted Bockius <Ted.Bockius@ivita.com>
  07/17/2000 02:21 PM
           
fyi... it sound like Bobby is in serious condition. 

Thanks, 
Sharon 

I think they'll send us another update once he's out of emergency and into a 
room.? Then it's real easy to call Ben Taub to find out a room number.? The 
address is below.? It doesn't sound like he can receive visitors yet.

A. 
Thanks for the heads up.? Do you know the address to send cards?? Do you know 
if Bobby can see visitors?? Some of the folks here would like to know.

Thanks, 
Sharon 

Thought you might like to know. 
Amy Cornell 
Compaq 
CPCG Marketing 
P: 281-518-9526 
F: 281-518-1081 
amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com 
<mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com> > 

Jann, phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group, 
concerning Bobby Riggins. 
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team, while cycling this weekend, he and 
other members of his team were injured by a truck.? There was one death in 
the injured group and the others with major injuries.? Bobby is one of those 
with major injuries.? He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub 
Hospital.? Ben Taub hospital is located at 1504 Taub Loop, Houston, Texas, 
phone number: 713-793-2000.? He cannot accept calls, visits or flowers at 
this time, since he is in the emergency room.? An update will be e-mailed, as 
soon as one is available. 

Keep Bobby, his team members and their families in your prayers. 
Rosario Gonzales 
Administrative Assistant 
ESSG 
CCA-15, 150301, 153B09 
281-514-3183 
rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com 
<mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com> > 

I think it's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - 
Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so 
he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and 
appropriate look and feel (I would guess near the copyright notice and 
roughly equivalent size).

  David Forster@ENRON
  07/17/2000 06:15 PM
           
Mark,

We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline pages 
(like the homepage). Can you offer comments/concerns/guidelines?

Dave

Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from 
Buenos Aires?  I'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - 
actually, I'm sure I don't have anything new to report but if you do that 
would be fine with me.
  Patrick Hansen@ENRON
  07/17/2000 04:28 PM
           
Michael and myself are planing to be in Hoston on Thursday and Friday of this 
week. We intend to see as many people as possible regarding EOL 
implementation. We will meet Dave Forster and his team among others. We would 
like to fit a meeting with you as a group or individually. 
Please let me know about your availability and if it is possible to meet with 
more than one of you in one place.
Thank you 

FYI
  David Forster@ENRON
  07/17/2000 02:34 PM
           
Further background:

Argentina intend to press ahead even given the concern about taxes, etc.

They wish to launch on Sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings 
sometime around mid-August.

Dave
Leonardo Pacheco
07/17/2000 08:50 AM
Mark,

Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina?

Thanks for your help!

Leonardo Pacheco

ext. 39938

If you need more, there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a 
new alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in 
Amsterdam) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy 
markets.  I don't know where this stands officially (I haven't heard any 
developments since Amsterdam) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want.

  Mark E Haedicke
  07/18/2000 08:58 AM
          
We should include ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an 
overview of power deregulation developments in North America.  I might also 
add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power 
trading form.  I am thinking 4 slides at the most.  Is that what you want?

Mark

Current Plan:

Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and 
go back to work the day after we return)  
                         9 work days

Wed. Sept. 20  - Leave Houston around 6:00 pm
Thur. Sept. 21   -   Arrv. London early a.m., transfer to flight to Nice
                              -  Arrv. Nice around noon?  rent car & drive to 
first hotel (less than 1 hour away); collapse
Fri. Sept. 22       -  Stay in same hotel, visit Monaco, Nice?
Sat. Sept. 23     - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other 
coastal towns, check-in mid afternoon
Sun. Sept. 24    - St. Tropez
Mon. Sept. 25   - St. Tropez
Tue. Sept. 26    - Drive to Nice, return car, fly to Paris
Wed. Sept. 27  - Paris 
Thur. Sept. 28   - Paris (Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip)
Fri. Sept. 29       - Paris (Giverny - Monet's gardens - 3/4 day side trip)
Sat. Sept. 30     - Paris 
Sun. Oct. 1         - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar 
train - (arrv. London late afternoon)
Mon. Oct. 2        - London (meetings for CLH)
Tues. Oct. 3       - Fly London to Houston (lv. around noon, arrv. around 
4:30pm)

To make matters even more confusing, there are two Mark Taylors.  I believe 
the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in 
London).  Unfortunately, I can't forward your message to him directly (there 
seems to be a problem with the attachment).  If you still have it, can you 
send it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor"?

I will take care of it.  Thanks for the reminder.
