Evan --

Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market?  Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC?  There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point.

Jim

Am I scheduled to attend?

Jim

The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday,
September 12, at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, DC.

The meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO
of the Future Forum. (Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org
for more information on the DISCO Forum.) Following the Board meeting on
Wednesday, you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a
Wednesday evening reception and dinner, including a guest speaker. Board
members are also invited to join in the substantive session of the DISCO
Forum on Thursday, September 13.

Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the
same time as our meetings, the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked.
However, we have reserved a block of rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotel. To
reserve one of these rooms, you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are
part of the CAEM group. If you should decide to arrange lodging at a
different hotel, please do so quickly as there is limited availability in
all surrounding hotels. We will be making the Wyndham rooms available to
members of the DISCO Forum on July 20.

If you have any questions or require any assistance at all, please contact
Hope Duncan at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710. We are looking
forward to seeing you on September 12.

Hotel Information:

Grand Hyatt Hotel
1000 H Street NW
Washington DC 20001
Phone: 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234
Fax: 202.637.4781
Website: http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html

Wyndham Washington DC
1400 M Street NW
Washington, DC 20005
Phone: 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223
Fax: 202.785.0786
Website: http://www.wyndham.com/Washington_DC/default.cfm

correct.

Is this correct?  If so, I will handle it.  Thanks Jim.
 
Lora Sullivan@ENRON
07/19/2001 03:31 PM
Dear Linda,

We are receiving invoices from Ace Federal Reporters for transcripts of the recent FERC settlement conferences.
Linda Robertson says they should be charged to Jim Steffes' cost center, etc. 

Do you want me to send the invoices to you?

Let me know.

Many thanks.

Lora

Lora Sullivan
Federal Government Affairs Representative
Enron
1775 Eye Street, NW
Suite 800
Washington, DC  20006
202-466-9142
202-828-3372 (fax)
email:  lora.sullivan@enron.com

<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>

I'm in all week.

Jim

Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up?
BRADLEY JR, ROBERT L,
 
A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts is attached below.  Please disregard  and destroy the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date.  Please use the attached for Associate and Analyst  evaluations.   
 
All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using this form.

 - BRENNER, URSULA J.doc << File: BRENNER, URSULA J.doc >> 

Jean & Thane --

Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this?

Jim

We do need a formal plan.  We have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions. Doug has been providing us with the necessary specific market information.  We have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and Ercot and seeking resolution. The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and proposing the solution.  Grand-standing is ignored.  Those who show up with complaints but cannot point to specifics are virtually ignored.  Those who show up and complain, but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls, board meetings, etc. are ignored.   

Doug and I met with the Chairman of PUCT and have had subsequent conversations.  Thane and I also visited with him. 

Pat Wood made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas market fixed.  (Even though he has bigger things to do in D.C., this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas, the repercussions could be global.)  

Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens (of the Texas legislature) are also engaged in market developments.  We have been working with the State Affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised.  There is an Electric Restructuring Committee hearing scheduled for September 6th or 7th.  The forum is expected to be invited testimony only.  Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot's Sam Jones and Tom Noel.  The hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom.  Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt. Governor, there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions.   

Thane is in Austin on Friday, but is available by phone.  I will be on a plane to Houston at 8:00 a.m. Can we find another time that works for us to meet? Thane is in an Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00.  I am available after Rick's Friday budget meeting...are you available then?  You are right, we do need a formal plan, Thane has started an initial draft.  Thanks, Jean    

Jean & Thane --

Walking out last night, Kevin Presto indicated that there were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets.  

Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes.  

If ERCOT goes the way of California - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for Pat Wood.  As important, the new PUCT Commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market.  Let's get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference.

Jean and Thane, I think that we need a FORMAL PLAN on what to do over the next 3 - 6 months to leverage this situation.  I would like to discuss this with you on Friday am.  I am free at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meeting.

Jim

FYI.  You may want to discuss with Becky.

Jim

As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders.  We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information.  This would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting.  Many details remain to be worked out, but we will keep you advised.  In the meantime, could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues?

What do I need to do?

Jim
